doc(android): refactor & improvement (#1311)
apache/cordova-docs: www/docs/en/dev/guide/platforms/android/index.md

Opening Android Studio for the first time will guide you through the process of installing the Android SDK packages.

#### SDK Packages

It is recommended to install the latest version of the SDK Platform & SDK Tools based on the project's installed version of Cordova-Android. Refer to the [Android API Level Support](#android-api-level-support) section to find which version is supported based on the Cordova-Android version.

##### Installing SDK Platform

1. Open Android Studio's
2. Open **SDK Manager** (`Tools > SDK Manager`)
3. Click on the **SDK Platforms** tab
4. Select the Android version which matches the highest supported SDK based from the [Android API Level Support](#android-api-level-support)
5. Click Apply

> For example: If the project has installed `cordova-android@12.0.0`, the higest supported SDK is 33. In step 3, of the above, "Android 13.0 (Tiramisu)", should have been selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: If the project has installed `cordova-android@12.0.0`, the highest supported SDK is 33. In step 3, of the above, "Android 13.0 (Tiramisu)", should have been selected.
```

<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/static/img/guide/platforms/android/android-studio-electric-eel-20220101-2/sdk-manager/sdk-platform.png" style="width: 100%;" alt="Android SDK Platform" />

##### Installing Android SDK Build-Tools

1. Open Android Studio's
2. Open **SDK Manager** (`Tools > SDK Manager`)
3. Click on the **SDK Tools** tab
4. Check **Show Package Details**
5. Expand **Android SDK Build-Tool**
6. Check the highest supported Build-Tools based on the [Android API Level Support](#android-api-level-support).
7. Click Apply

> For example: If the project has installed `cordova-android@12.0.0`, the higest supported SDK is 33. We want to select the higest available version of 33.x. At the time of this writting, "33.0.2" should have been selected in step 6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: If the project has installed `cordova-android@12.0.0`, the highest supported SDK is 33. We want to select the highest available version of 33.x. At the time of this writing, "33.0.2" should have been selected in step 6.
```

5. Expand **Android SDK Command-line Tools (latest)**
6. Check **Android SDK Command-line Tools (latest)**
7. Click Apply

<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/static/img/guide/platforms/android/android-studio-electric-eel-20220101-2/sdk-manager/command-line-tools-latest.png" style="width: 100%;" alt="SDK Command-line Tools (latest)" />

##### Installing Android SDK Platform-Tools

1. Open Android Studio's
2. Open **SDK Manager** (`Tools > SDK Manager`)
3. Click on the **SDK Tools** tab
4. Check **Show Package Details**
5. Check **Android SDK Platform-Tool**
6. Click Apply

<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/static/img/guide/platforms/android/android-studio-electric-eel-20220101-2/sdk-manager/sdk-platform-tools.png" style="width: 100%;" alt="Android SDK Platform-Tools" />

##### Installing Android Emulator

1. Open Android Studio's
2. Open **SDK Manager** (`Tools > SDK Manager`)
3. Click on the **SDK Tools** tab
4. Check **Show Package Details**
5. Check **Android Emulator**
6. Click Apply

<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/static/img/guide/platforms/android/android-studio-electric-eel-20220101-2/sdk-manager/android-emulator.png" style="width: 100%;" alt="Android Emulator" />

> #### Installing Android SDK Tools (Obsolete)

Reviewer: I know you didn't touch this, but this entire section is obsolete.

The obsolete tools installs `$ANDROID_HOME/tools` which is the binaries that requires Java 8 to use.

Attempting to use binaries in here on a higher java runtime will yield errors such as:

<details>
<summary>Exception in thread "main" java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: javax/xml/bind/annotation/XmlSchema</summary>

```
Exception in thread "main" java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: javax/xml/bind/annotation/XmlSchema
	at com.android.repository.api.SchemaModule$SchemaModuleVersion.<init>(SchemaModule.java:156)
	at com.android.repository.api.SchemaModule.<init>(SchemaModule.java:75)
	at com.android.sdklib.repository.AndroidSdkHandler.<clinit>(AndroidSdkHandler.java:81)
	at com.android.sdklib.tool.sdkmanager.SdkManagerCli.main(SdkManagerCli.java:73)
	at com.android.sdklib.tool.sdkmanager.SdkManagerCli.main(SdkManagerCli.java:48)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: javax.xml.bind.annotation.XmlSchema
	at java.base/jdk.internal.loader.BuiltinClassLoader.loadClass(BuiltinClassLoader.java:641)
	at java.base/jdk.internal.loader.ClassLoaders$AppClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoaders.java:188)
	at java.base/java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:520)
	... 5 more
```

</details>

The replacement is the `cmdline-tools` which is already documented above, so I tihnk this entire section can be removed.

cmdline-tools replaces:
- apkanalyzer
- avdmanager
- lint
- sdkmanager

The `tools/emulator` binary is replaced by the `Android Emulator` package.
